I need to prepare a very comprehensive prompt for AI coding, so the latest AI bot understands what is to be done in the best way possible and achieves the best result. The most important thing for AI is to not rush and ANALIZE MORE, READ DOCUMENTS ONLINE, FOLLOW THE STANDATS OF CODE INSIDE OF THE REPOSITORIES FOR DECIDIM DEVELOPMENT, MAKE CLEAN CODE WITHOUT CREATING WHAT IS NOT NEEDED. Priority: 1. Analize Docs 2. Check Code and Standards 3. Have a consistent code without creating what is not needed. 4. Knowledge and high standards are better than writing a lower quality code:

Я подготавил среду для разработки децидим на моей виндоус системе через WLS2. https://github.com/decidim/decidim https://docs.decidim.org/en/develop/install/  
https://docs.decidim.org/en/develop/install/manual

Я подготовил рабочую папку \\wsl.localhost\Ubuntu\home\scicent\projects\decidim\development_app

Работает сервер на моём компе и я хочу (внимание) написать module для программы, чтобы затем запустить в продакшн себе.  

Не спеши и просчитывай только до того момента, где мы находимся сейчас. 

All of this must be made through a SINGLE MODULE for DECIDIM: We're looking to develop a 5-level referral system in that Decidim module, where each account registered through the unique referral link of a volunteer generates commission from sales of Scicent Token. Also each active referral generates Activity Boost Multiplier for the account he received the referral from and for himself.  (with increased activity gets a multiplayer for a Scicent token distribution (which is distributed between volunteers according to their Activity level + administration recognition). 

See if Decidim already has an invitation features to use. 

Prompt used for the code creation: I would like to customize a volunteer app Decidim for my project to attract volunteers for my political party. For that reason I would like to start a pilot project where volunteers just have tasks through Follow-UP functionality already implemented in Decidim to give-out tasks on the front page (a randomized list of tasks for each volunteer (from a list of tasks) after a volunteer accepts a task it becomes registered as a taken assignment (through Follow-Up functionality) and admins can track it. After volunteer is done he submits the report and marks it done. He gains XP and Levels up when reaches a certain XP cap, he gains new capabilities on the Decidim platform and with increased activity gets a multiplayer for a Scicent token distribution (which is distributed between volunteers according to their Activity level + administration recognition). Volunteers also get Scicent token as commission from selling the Scicent from their own refferal + they get Scicent as a commission from a refferal system as a percent from the sales of people they Invited to the platform(up to 5 levels refferal system). Volunteers are encouraged to use the platform capabilities to create teams, couch them for Scicent sales, teach them tech skills to do so, guide them and they get extra bonuses (from their own refferals and administartion increasing activity multiplyer). You've got to add a referral link for volunteer's Scicent token sales and account to give commission to him and his referees (5 levels up) You've got to use the capabilities of the platform to do most things without changing (think about creating a module for that that doesn't change the app and othe modules but uses them). You can create changes in this module but maintain consistency with the rest of the app at all times. Copy pasted are docs from my previous talk with AI, just take them in account if you think they are useful.

The user provided feedback on a previous completion. Use it to generate a new completion. The output should be a standalone response that reflects the feedback without acknowledging it. Do not mention, suggest, or imply that this is a revision, improvement, or result of feedback. Respond in the same language as the original completion, even if the feedback is in another language. Only switch if the feedback explicitly asks you to translate the completion. Here is the feedback:
Please make this response longer and more detailed.